strings
string literal
characters
runes
bytes
letters and digits

Unicode and character sets:
https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/

String
String - read-only slice of bytes.

Go source code is always UTF-8
String holds arbitrary bytes, but string literal always contain UTF-8 text.
Indexing string yields its bytes, not its characters: a string is just a bunch
of bytes.

The Unicode standard uses the term "code point" to refer to the item represented
by a single value. Go introduces a shorter term for the concept: 'rune'.
'Unicode code point' = 'Go rune' (with one addition)

String literals - concatenating a sequence of characters.
String literals:
  - raw string literals (in single quotes ``)
  - interpreted string literals

Quotes
Double quotes "" - used to define a string. String defined within "" will honor
                   escaping characters
Back quotes   `` - also used to define a string. string within '' - raw literal
                   string and doesn't honor any kind of escaping
Single quotes '' - to declare byte or rune.
                   While declaring byte we have to specify the type. If we don't
                   the type, then the default type is meant as a rune.
                   A single quote will allow only one character.


Rune
 rune - alias for the int32 - alias for the 'unicode code point'
 rune constant - ?
 '⌘' - is rune with integer value 0x2318
Runes literal expressed as one or more character enclosed in single quotes ''




String - read-only(?) slice of bytes. String holds arbitrary bytes.
It is not required to hold Unicode text, UTF-8 text, or any other predefined format.
String - is just a bunch of bytes.
Go source code is UTF-8, so the code for string literal is UTF-8 text.
Conclusion:
Strings - arbitrary bytes
String literals - UTF-8

Строковые литералы:
- необработанные строковые литералы
- интерпретируемые строковые литералы

Необработанные строковые литералы:
`foo`, `bar` - внутри `` может быть все, кроме обратной кавычки (`)
Значение небработанного строкового литерала - UTF-8
Символы типа '\r' отбрасываются

Интерпретируемые строковыве литералы:
"foo", "bar" - внутри "" может быть все, короме \n и неэкранированной ""

Code point == rune
rune - alias for int32

Syscalls are costly. The perfomance of IO is greatly improved when we accumulate
data into a buffer. This reduces the numeber of syscalls we needed.